README.md, before:

# Bicep Authoring Devcontainer

This is a simple devcontainer which can be used with CodeSpaces or VSCode Remote to get all the tooling needed to start authoring bicep. 

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository.
1. Configuration for the development environment by installing VSCode and the Devcontainers extension. [Quick start docs here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers-tutorial).
1. Open the folder in VSCode
devcontain1. [`CTRL+SHIFT+P` then type `Reopen in container`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_getting-started) to open the devcontainer in VSCode.
1. [Open a terminal in VSCode with `CTRL+SHIFT+P` -> `Terminal: Create new integrated terminal`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_opening-a-terminal). We'll use this to run Bicep commands.
1. [Run `az login`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) from the VSCode terminal to connect to your Azure account.
1. Open `main.bicep` and change `CHANGEME_TO_A_UNIQUE_NAME` to a unique name valid for a storage account.
1. Run `make deploy` from the VSCode terminal to build and deploy the `main.bicep` file.
1. Review the `Makefile` to see the commands run when `make deploy` is called.

## Next Steps

Review [the docs here](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) to build out more advanced scenarios.

## Configuration 

To target a specific release of Bicep update the `./devcontainer/Dockerfile` argument `ARG BICEP_VERSION=latest` to the required version.

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Remove make. Use uniqueString func

README.md, after:

# Bicep Authoring Devcontainer

This is a simple devcontainer which can be used with CodeSpaces or VSCode Remote to get all the tooling needed to start authoring bicep. 

## Quick Start: VSCode Remote

1. Clone the repository.
1. Configuration for the development environment by installing VSCode and the Devcontainers extension. [Quick start docs here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers-tutorial).
1. Open the folder in VSCode
devcontain1. [`CTRL+SHIFT+P` then type `Reopen in container`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_getting-started) to open the devcontainer in VSCode.
1. [Open a terminal in VSCode with `CTRL+SHIFT+P` -> `Terminal: Create new integrated terminal`](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_opening-a-terminal). We'll use this to run Bicep commands.
1. [Run `az login`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli) from the VSCode terminal to connect to your Azure account.
1. Run `bicep build main.bicep` this will generate `main.json` which is the ARM template ready to be deployed.
1. Run the following to create a resource group and deploy the template to it.
```
	az group create -n my-rg -l eastus
	az deployment group create -f ./main.json -g my-rg
```

## Next Steps

Review [the docs here](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) to build out more advanced scenarios.

## Configuration 

To target a specific release of Bicep update the `./devcontainer/Dockerfile` argument `ARG BICEP_VERSION=latest` to the required version.

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
